8.12 Release Notes (#4469)
elastic/security-docs: docs/release-notes/8.12.asciidoc

[[release-notes-header-8.12.0]]
== 8.12

[discrete]
[[release-notes-8.12.0]]
=== 8.12.0

[discrete]
[[known-issue-8.12.0]]
==== Known issues

// tag::known-issue-173958[]
[discrete]

> .[Title]

Reviewer: Title is still a placeholder.

Reviewer 2: @yctercero do you have any suggestions for the known issue title? Would this work?

```suggestion
.Data view option incorrectly displays when editing a filter applied to the KQL query bar 
```

Reviewer 3: That looks great!

[%collapsible]
====
*Details* +

> When editing the Alerts page KQL query bar filter or editing the KQL query bar filter on the rule edit page, you might encounter a UI bug requiring you to select a data view to proceed. 

Reviewer: The **Workaround** heading is rendering on the same line this paragraph, but this adds a soft return at the end:
```suggestion
When editing the Alerts page KQL query bar filter or editing the KQL query bar filter on the rule edit page, you might encounter a UI bug requiring you to select a data view to proceed. +
```

[[release-notes-header-8.12.0]]
== 8.11

[discrete]
[[release-notes-8.12.0]]
=== 8.12.0

[discrete]
[[known-issue-8.12.0]]
==== Known issues

There are no known issues in 8.12.0.

[discrete]
[[breaking-changes-8.12.0]]
==== Breaking changes

There are no breaking changes in 8.12.0.

[discrete]
[[deprecations-8.12.0]]
==== Deprecations

There are no deprecations in 8.12.0.

[discrete]
[[features-8.12.0]]
==== New features

* Introduces the ability to assign alerts and investigations to specific users ({pull}170579[#170579]), ({pull}171589[#171589]).
* Introduces Retrieval Augmented Generation (RAG) for Alerts, allowing you to give Elastic AI Assistant context about more alerts in your environment ({pull}172542[#172542]).
* Enables alerts suppression for Threshold rules ({pull}171423[#171423]).
* Adds an "Updates" tab to the prebuilt rules upgrade flyout that shows differences between the installed and updated versions ({pull}172535[#172535]).
* Adds a setting that lets you exclude cold and frozen tiers from Analyzer queries ({pull}172162[#172162]).

> * Adds a tour that introduces new users to the current Timelines UI ({pull}172030[#172030]).

Reviewer 4: Yep! The tour is still there 😄 Thanks!!

> * Adds a Timeout option to Osquery configuration, so you can customize the maximum time each query should run before timing out ({pull}169925[#169925]).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Adds a timeout option for Osquery queries, so you can customize the maximum time each query should run before timing out ({pull}169925[#169925]).
```

* Introduces new grouping capabilities for CSPM and KSPM Findings data ({pull}169884[#169884]).

> * Adds the expandable alert flyout to rule previews in the Create rule interface ({pull}167902[#167902]).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Adds the expandable alert details flyout to the rule preview panel ({pull}167902[#167902]).
```

> * Adds a button to error messages for rule execution errors that quickly asks security assistant to diagnose the error ({pull}166778[#166778]).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Adds a button to rule execution error messages that lets you ask AI Assistant to diagnose errors ({pull}166778[#166778]).
```

[discrete]
[[enhancements-8.12.0]]
==== Enhancements

* Improves token tracking for the Amazon Bedrock generative AI connector ({pull}172115[#172115], {pull}170815[#170815]) Elastic Assistant, OpenAI stream ({pull}169729[#169729]) (NEEDS CLARIFICATION - waiting on dev response).
* Refactors the timeline UI — various minor updates ({pull}168230[#168230]).

> * Replaces timeline's autosave behavior with a new UI for manual saving ({pull}171027[#171027], {pull}169239[#169239]).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Introduces manual saving for Timeline ({pull}171027[#171027], {pull}169239[#169239]).
```

* Improves forward-compatibility for the rule schema ({pull}170861[#170861]).
* Simplifies the format of risk engine API error responses ({pull}170645[#170645]).

> * Makes various minor improvements to the alert details flyout UI ({pull}170279[#170279], {pull}169035[#169035], {pull}173399[#173399], {pull}170078[#170078], {pull}168297[#168297]).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Makes various UI improvements to the alert details flyout ({pull}170279[#170279], {pull}169035[#169035], {pull}173399[#173399], {pull}170078[#170078], {pull}168297[#168297]).
```

> * Saves the state of the expanded alert details flyout in the URL. For example this means you use the flyout's **Investigate in timeline* button and then click your browser's back button to return to the flyout ({pull}169661[#169661]).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Saves the state of the alert details flyout in the browser. For example, after you use the flyout's **Investigate in timeline* button, you can click your browser's back button to return to the flyout ({pull}169661[#169661]).
```

[discrete]
[[bug-fixes-8.12.0]]
==== Bug fixes

> * Fixes response action bugs by mapping the `unisolate` command to the `release` command and the `running-processes` command to the `processes` command ({pull}173831[#173831]).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

* Fixes response action bugs by mapping the `unisolate` command to the `release` command and the `running-processes` command to the `processes` command ({pull}173831[#173831]).
```

* Introduces Retrieval Augmented Generation (RAG) for Alerts, allowing you to give Elastic AI Assistant context about more alerts in your environment ({pull}172542[#172542]).
* Enables alert suppression for threshold rules ({pull}171423[#171423]).
* Adds an *Updates* tab to the prebuilt rules upgrade flyout to show differences between the installed and updated versions ({pull}172535[#172535]).
* Adds a setting that lets you exclude cold and frozen tiers from visual event analyzer queries ({pull}172162[#172162]).
* Adds a tour to guide users through Timelines UI changes ({pull}172030[#172030]).
* Adds a timeout option for Osquery queries, so you can customize the maximum time each query should run before timing out ({pull}169925[#169925]).
* Introduces new grouping capabilities for CSPM and KSPM Findings data ({pull}169884[#169884]).
* Adds the expandable alert details flyout to the rule preview panel ({pull}167902[#167902]).
* Adds a button to rule execution error messages that lets you ask AI Assistant to diagnose errors ({pull}166778[#166778]).

[discrete]
[[enhancements-8.12.0]]
==== Enhancements

> * Improves token tracking for the Amazon Bedrock generative AI connector ({pull}172115[#172115], {pull}170815[#170815]) Elastic Assistant, OpenAI stream ({pull}169729[#169729]) (NEEDS CLARIFICATION - waiting on dev response).

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
* Improves token tracking for the Amazon Bedrock generative AI connector ({pull}172115[#172115]).
```

Streaming was bumped to 8.13, see the epic here https://github.com/elastic/security-team/issues/7363

[[release-notes-header-8.12.0]]
== 8.12

[discrete]
[[release-notes-8.12.0]]
=== 8.12.0

[discrete]
[[known-issue-8.12.0]]
==== Known issues

There are no known issues in 8.12.0.

[discrete]
[[breaking-changes-8.12.0]]
==== Breaking changes

There are no breaking changes in 8.12.0.

[discrete]
[[deprecations-8.12.0]]
==== Deprecations

There are no deprecations in 8.12.0.

[discrete]
[[features-8.12.0]]
==== New features

* Introduces the ability to assign alerts to specific users ({pull}170579[#170579]), ({pull}171589[#171589]).
* Introduces Retrieval Augmented Generation (RAG) for Alerts, allowing you to give Elastic AI Assistant context about more alerts in your environment ({pull}172542[#172542]).
* Enables alert suppression for threshold rules ({pull}171423[#171423]).

> * Adds an *Updates* tab to the prebuilt rules upgrade flyout to show differences between the installed and updated versions ({pull}172535[#172535]).

Reviewer 6: Can we also link to https://github.com/elastic/kibana/pull/173187 here in addition to 172535? The description in this PR shows an up-to-date UI as it will be released in `8.12.0`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Adds an *Updates* tab to the prebuilt rules upgrade flyout to show differences between the installed and updated versions ({pull}172535[#172535], {pull}173187[#173187]).
```

* Improves forward-compatibility for the rule schema ({pull}170861[#170861]).
* Simplifies the format of risk engine API error responses ({pull}170645[#170645]).
* Makes various UI improvements to the alert details flyout ({pull}170279[#170279], {pull}169035[#169035], {pull}173399[#173399], {pull}170078[#170078], {pull}168297[#168297]).
* Saves the state of the alert details flyout in the browser. For example, after you use the flyout's *Investigate in timeline* button, you can click your browser's back button to return to the flyout ({pull}169661[#169661]).
* Integrates a new Event Tracing for Windows (ETW) provider (Microsoft-Windows-Win32k) to create new event types that can be used by prebuilt endpoint rules to detect keylogging activity.
* Allows for acting and target memory region buffers within behavior alerts to be scanned against {elastic-sec}'s collection of YARA signatures when collected. Detections are added to alerts.
* Adds a new ReadProcessMemory (lsass) event that can be used by prebuilt endpoint rules to detect credential dumping.
* Adds a link to the Edit connector UI for Amazon Bedrock that goes to the token tracking dashboard ({pull}172115[#172115]).

> * Allows you to use the `matches` operator when defining Endpoint rule exceptions and trusted applications.

Reviewer 7: Should be endpoint exceptions and event filters (vs Trusted apps)

Reviewer 2: Thanks, @caitlinbetz. Is this correct?

```suggestion
* Allows you to use the `matches` operator when defining endpoint exceptions and event filters.
```

Reviewer 7: yes!

* Fixes a bug that caused {ml} fetch jobs to fail when the default data view (`securitySolution:defaultIndex`) contained special characters ({pull}173426[#173426]).
* Remove the **Assignees** field from the event details flyout ({pull}173314[#173314]).
* Fixes a bug that caused the **Add to Case** action to fail if you didn't add a comment before isolating and releasing a host ({pull}172912[#172912]).
* Fixes a UI bug that overlaid **Default Risk score** values as you created a new rule ({pull}172677[#172677]).
* Fixes a bug that cleared configured fields in the exceptions flyout after the flyout reloaded and refocused ({pull}172666[#172666]).
* Fixes the {esql} default query size and appends the query with a `keep` clause ({pull}171789[#171789]).
* Limits the character length for exception comments to 3000 characters, and makes the error message more descriptive if the limit's exceeded ({pull}170764[#170764]).
* Adds missing alerts index filtration from sourcerer that was removed during refactoring ({pull}170484[#170484]).
* Fixes a bug that didn't allow exceptions to be created or edited after an error displayed ({pull}169801[#169801]).

> * Stops {security-app} pages from crashing when there's a fields error in the **Stack by** component ({pull}168411[#168411]).

Reviewer 2: Might need to add https://github.com/elastic/kibana/pull/174029 to this section. I'll add this tomorrow, @benironside.

cc: @PhilippeOberti @logeekal @michaelolo24

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Stops {security-app} pages from crashing when there's a fields error in the **Stack by** component ({pull}168411[#168411]).
* Adds a feature flag (`timelineEsqlTabDisabled`) for the **{esql}** tab in Timeline ({pull}174029[#174029]).
```

Reviewer 4: Thanks @nastasha-solomon ! Would it make sense to also add the default ESQL query being removed?

Reviewer 2: Yeah we gotchu (see [here](https://github.com/elastic/security-docs/pull/4469/files#diff-4472c46c9a1fee0fe9e0f164d004c73f61ce9d22338c4fa89e81ae973ac4149fR68))

> * Adds a feature flag (`timelineEsqlTabDisabled`) for the **{esql}** tab in Timeline ({pull}174029[#174029]).

Reviewer 8: should we add the emtpy query for the esql tab as well?

Reviewer 8: and also maybe the fact that we do not render the esql tab unless visited?

Reviewer 2: Resolved in [d22b48b](https://github.com/elastic/security-docs/pull/4469/commits/d22b48bb253a451a27bf1688ca5d5869e9406206).

[discrete]
[[bug-fixes-8.12.0]]
==== Bug fixes

* Fixes response action bugs by mapping the `unisolate` command to the `release` command and the `running-processes` command to the `processes` command ({pull}173831[#173831]).
* Fixes the dark theme for the alert details flyout footer ({pull}173577[#173577]).
* Makes the Timeline tour compatible with the Timeline template page ({pull}173526[#173526]).
* Stops the {esql} tab from rendering when Timeline isn't open ({pull}173484[#173484]).
* Fixes a bug that caused {ml} fetch jobs to fail when the default data view (`securitySolution:defaultIndex`) contained special characters ({pull}173426[#173426]).
* Remove the **Assignees** field from the event details flyout ({pull}173314[#173314]).
* Fixes a bug that caused the **Add to Case** action to fail if you didn't add a comment before isolating and releasing a host ({pull}172912[#172912]).
* Fixes a UI bug that overlaid **Default Risk score** values as you created a new rule ({pull}172677[#172677]).
* Fixes a bug that cleared configured fields in the exceptions flyout after the flyout reloaded and refocused ({pull}172666[#172666]).

> * Fixes the {esql} default query size and appends the query with a `keep` clause ({pull}171789[#171789]).

Reviewer 2: As discussed with @PhilippeOberti today, this change will be overwritten (dev PR pending), so I might need to remove this PR.

cc: @michaelolo24

Reviewer 2: Verified with @kqualters-elastic via slack that this can be removed.

```suggestion
```

[[release-notes-header-8.12.0]]
== 8.12

[discrete]
[[release-notes-8.12.0]]
=== 8.12.0

[discrete]
[[known-issue-8.12.0]]
==== Known issues

> There are no known issues in 8.12.0.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

// tag::known-issue-4582[]
[discrete]
.[Title]
[%collapsible]
====
*Details* +
On January 9, 2023, a known issue was discovered with the Intelligence page. When users filter indicator data from the different places on the page, the KQL bar shows the correct field name, but the field value is "Warning". 
*Workaround* +
There is no workaround for this bug.
====
// end::known-issue-[PR number][]
```

Reviewer 3: Sorry to jump in a bit late here. I think we can add https://github.com/elastic/kibana/issues/173958 as a known issue for 8.12. 

**Details**

When editing a rule using an index pattern and attempting to edit the query filter, a  data view selector is displayed and the filter does not populate. 

**Workaround**

Select to edit the query filter using DSL.

cc @e40pud (working on a fix) @peluja1012

Reviewer 2: @yctercero and @e40pud - is there any way we can simplify the known issue summary so it's more straightforward? I took a look at https://github.com/elastic/kibana/issues/173958 and am not all that clear on whether the issue is a UI bug, or if the data view filter function doesn't work at all. 

If it's a UI bug, would something like the following work:
When updating the Alerts page KQL query bar filter, you might encounter a UI bug when selecting the default Security data view option.  

Then for the workaround, do users need to click the **Edit as Query DSL** option in the upper right corner of the filter modal? 
<img width="1124" alt="Screenshot 2024-01-12 at 2 49 45 PM" src="https://github.com/elastic/security-docs/assets/79124755/03342d34-0028-4b15-b585-3dfc7d42aef1">

Also, if this bug only prevents users from selecting the default Security data view filter, should we offer a DSL that offers the same filtering functionality? If we don't want to get that specific, can we offer them any general guidance so they have a way to proceed with filtering?

[discrete]
[[breaking-changes-8.12.0]]
==== Breaking changes

There are no breaking changes in 8.12.0.

[discrete]
[[deprecations-8.12.0]]
==== Deprecations

There are no deprecations in 8.12.0.

[discrete]
[[features-8.12.0]]
==== New features

> * Introduces the ability to assign alerts to specific users ({pull}170579[#170579], {pull}171589[#171589]).

Reviewer 3: 👍🏽

* Introduces Retrieval Augmented Generation (RAG) for Alerts, allowing you to give Elastic AI Assistant context about more alerts in your environment ({pull}172542[#172542]).

> * Enables alert suppression for threshold rules ({pull}171423[#171423]).

Reviewer 3: 👍🏽

* Adds an *Updates* tab to the prebuilt rules upgrade flyout to show differences between the installed and updated versions ({pull}172535[#172535], {pull}173187[#173187]).
* Adds a setting that lets you exclude cold and frozen tiers from visual event analyzer queries ({pull}172162[#172162]).
* Adds a tour to guide users through Timelines UI changes ({pull}172030[#172030]).
* Adds a timeout option for Osquery queries, so you can customize the maximum time each query should run before timing out ({pull}169925[#169925]).
* Introduces new grouping capabilities for CSPM and KSPM Findings data ({pull}169884[#169884]).
* Adds the expandable alert details flyout to the rule preview panel ({pull}167902[#167902]).

> * Adds a button to rule execution error messages that lets you ask AI Assistant to diagnose errors ({pull}166778[#166778]).

Reviewer 3: 👍🏽

Reviewer 2: Closing as this as been moved to enhancements sections 🕺🏼🕺🏼🕺🏼

[discrete]
[[enhancements-8.12.0]]
==== Enhancements

* Refactors the timeline UI — various minor updates ({pull}168230[#168230]).
* Introduces manual saving for Timeline ({pull}171027[#171027], {pull}169239[#169239]).
* Improves forward-compatibility for the rule schema ({pull}170861[#170861]).
* Simplifies the format of risk engine API error responses ({pull}170645[#170645]).
* Makes various UI improvements to the alert details flyout ({pull}170279[#170279], {pull}169035[#169035], {pull}173399[#173399], {pull}170078[#170078], {pull}168297[#168297]).

> * Saves the state of the alert details flyout in the browser. For example, after you use the flyout's *Investigate in timeline* button, you can click your browser's back button to return to the flyout ({pull}169661[#169661]).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Saves the state of the alert details flyout in the browser. For example, after you use the flyout's *Investigate in timeline* button, you can click your browser's back button to return to the flyout ({pull}169661[#169661]).
* Adds a button to rule execution error messages that lets you ask AI Assistant to diagnose errors ({pull}166778[#166778]).
```

==== Deprecations

There are no deprecations in 8.12.0.

[discrete]
[[features-8.12.0]]
==== New features

* Introduces the ability to assign alerts to specific users ({pull}170579[#170579], {pull}171589[#171589]).
* Introduces Retrieval Augmented Generation (RAG) for Alerts, allowing you to give Elastic AI Assistant context about more alerts in your environment ({pull}172542[#172542]).
* Enables alert suppression for threshold rules ({pull}171423[#171423]).
* Adds an *Updates* tab to the prebuilt rules upgrade flyout to show differences between the installed and updated versions ({pull}172535[#172535], {pull}173187[#173187]).
* Adds a setting that lets you exclude cold and frozen tiers from visual event analyzer queries ({pull}172162[#172162]).
* Adds a tour to guide users through Timelines UI changes ({pull}172030[#172030]).
* Adds a timeout option for Osquery queries, so you can customize the maximum time each query should run before timing out ({pull}169925[#169925]).
* Introduces new grouping capabilities for CSPM and KSPM Findings data ({pull}169884[#169884]).
* Adds the expandable alert details flyout to the rule preview panel ({pull}167902[#167902]).

> * Adds a button to rule execution error messages that lets you ask AI Assistant to diagnose errors ({pull}166778[#166778]).

Reviewer: We don't need this line any more, since it's also been added to Enhancements below. AND the SentinelOne bidirectional response feature is missing from this list, so we can get two birds with one commit here by just replacing the line:
```suggestion
* preview:[] Introduces bidirectional response actions to isolate and release SentinelOne-protected hosts.
```

It's a big, sprawling feature so I'm having trouble finding specific PRs to reference. The epic issue is https://github.com/elastic/security-team/issues/6200, but that's in a private repo so probably not useful to include here.

Reviewer 2: @joepeeples do you have a preference for how we label this feature as `tech preview` in the release notes? In the past, we've taken the less formal approach of adding `(technical preview)` at the end of the release note summary to avoid interrupting the summary flow ([example](https://github.com/elastic/security-docs/blob/d7987bb5d2703ce462d849fedad669f502355d30/docs/release-notes/8.11.asciidoc?plain=1#L89)). That said, there's currently no standard for handling the tech preview label in release notes, so I have no objections to using the asciidoc tag if it's more appropriate for this case.

Reviewer: No preference, thanks!

Reviewer 2: Ok, cool. Just making a tiny edit to your edit then:

```suggestion
* Introduces bidirectional response actions to isolate and release SentinelOne-protected hosts (technical preview).
```

* Improves forward-compatibility for the rule schema ({pull}170861[#170861]).
* Simplifies the format of risk engine API error responses ({pull}170645[#170645]).
* Makes various UI improvements to the alert details flyout ({pull}170279[#170279], {pull}169035[#169035], {pull}173399[#173399], {pull}170078[#170078], {pull}168297[#168297]).
* Saves the state of the alert details flyout in the browser. For example, after you use the flyout's *Investigate in timeline* button, you can click your browser's back button to return to the flyout ({pull}169661[#169661]).
* Adds a button to rule execution error messages that lets you ask AI Assistant to diagnose errors ({pull}166778[#166778]).
* Integrates a new Event Tracing for Windows (ETW) provider (Microsoft-Windows-Win32k) to create new event types that can be used by prebuilt endpoint rules to detect keylogging activity.
* Allows for acting and target memory region buffers within behavior alerts to be scanned against {elastic-sec}'s collection of YARA signatures when collected. Detections are added to alerts.
* Adds a new ReadProcessMemory (lsass) event that can be used by prebuilt endpoint rules to detect credential dumping.

> * Adds a link to the Edit connector UI for Amazon Bedrock that goes to the token tracking dashboard ({pull}172115[#172115]).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Adds a link to the Amazon Bedrock connector edit UI that opens the token tracking dashboard ({pull}172115[#172115]).
```

> * Allows you to use the `matches` operator when defining endpoint exceptions and event filters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Allows you to use the `matches` and `does note match` operators when defining endpoint exceptions and event filters ({pull}166002[#166002], {pull}170495[#170495]).
```

* Adds support for Kafka as an output type for Endpoint.

[discrete]
[[bug-fixes-8.12.0]]
==== Bug fixes

* Fixes response action bugs by mapping the `unisolate` command to the `release` command and the `running-processes` command to the `processes` command ({pull}173831[#173831]).
* Fixes the dark theme for the alert details flyout footer ({pull}173577[#173577]).
* Makes the Timeline tour compatible with the Timeline template page ({pull}173526[#173526]).
* Stops the **{esql}** tab from rendering until you click on it in Timeline ({pull}173484[#173484]).
* Adds a feature flag (`timelineEsqlTabDisabled`) to show or hide the **{esql}** tab in Timeline ({pull}174029[#174029]).

> * Removes the default query in **{esql}** tab in Timeline ({pull}174393[#174393]).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Removes the default query in the **{esql}** tab in Timeline ({pull}174393[#174393]).
```

* Fixes a bug that caused {ml} fetch jobs to fail when the default data view (`securitySolution:defaultIndex`) contained special characters ({pull}173426[#173426]).
* Remove the **Assignees** field from the event details flyout ({pull}173314[#173314]).
* Fixes a bug that caused the **Add to Case** action to fail if you didn't add a comment before isolating and releasing a host ({pull}172912[#172912]).
* Fixes a UI bug that overlaid **Default Risk score** values as you created a new rule ({pull}172677[#172677]).
* Fixes a bug that cleared configured fields in the exceptions flyout after the flyout reloaded and refocused ({pull}172666[#172666]).
* Limits the character length for exception comments to 3000 characters, and makes the error message more descriptive if the limit's exceeded ({pull}170764[#170764]).
* Re-adds the missing alerts index filtration to Data views ({pull}170484[#170484]).
* Fixes a bug that didn't allow exceptions to be created or edited after an error displayed ({pull}169801[#169801]).

> * Stops {security-app} pages from crashing when there's a fields error in the **Stack by** component ({pull}168411[#168411]).

Reviewer 2: Adding two more fixed TH bugs that were recently flagged for release notes.

```suggestion
* Stops {security-app} pages from crashing when there's a fields error in the **Stack by** component ({pull}168411[#168411]).
* Deletes saved searches that are associated with deleted Timelines and prevents saved searches from being created twice ({pull} 174562[#174562]).
* Fixes a bug with the **Share alert** feature in the alert details flyout ({pull} 174005[#174005]).
```

====
// end::known-issue-173958[]

// tag::known-issue-174844[]
[discrete]
.Unrelated property differences in prebuilt rule update comparison
[%collapsible]
====
*Details* +
The JSON comparison for updated prebuilt detection rules might display some properties used for internal processing, which doesn't accurately indicate how the rule will change if you update it.

For example, if you added automated actions or an exception list to an installed rule, the comparison shows the JSON properties `actions`, `response_actions`, or `exceptions_list` in the **Base version** (your installed version) but not in the **Update** column (Elastic's latest version). When you update the rule, it will still include your actions or exceptions — they will not be removed. 

> Similarly, the comparison might show a difference in the `enabled` property, but upgrading the rule will not change whether your installed rule is enabled or not. Other properties that might display in the comparison but don't actually indicate rule configuration changes include `execution_summary`, `timestamp_override_fallback_disabled`, `meta`, `filters`, `updated_at`, `output_index`, and `note`.

Reviewer 9: please remove filters, timestamp_override_fallback_disabled and note from this list - those are relevant properties.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Similarly, the comparison might show a difference in the `enabled` property, but upgrading the rule will not change whether your installed rule is enabled or not. Other properties that might display in the comparison but don't actually indicate rule configuration changes include `execution_summary`, `timestamp_override_fallback_disabled`, `meta`, `filters`, `updated_at`, and `output_index`.
```
